9:00 am in Beijing, 10 a.m. in Tokyo.
You're watching the China Show. I'm Ivon
Man with David [music] and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to
markets and the open here. Hong Kong,
Shanghai, and Shenzhen. Let's get to
your top stories today. Stocks across
[music] the Asia Pacific rising. That's
after two days in the reds as dip
[music] buyers pile in. The dollar
treasuries under pressure slightly as
strong US data prompts traders to pair
back rate cut bets. China's Expang
embraces embodied AI, previewing new
products such [music] as flying cars,
humanoid robots, and driverless taxis.
We'll speak exclusively with the company
[music] president, Brian Goo, in just a
few minutes.
And I'm Annabelle Drollers down here at
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We'll have
more in Robo Taxis. It is a big day for
listings led by rivals [music] Pony AI
and Wide. We're going to be hearing from
the heads of both of those companies
shortly after their shares begin
trading.
>> And I'm Stephen Angel in Shanghai at the
China [music] International Import Expo,
also known as CIE. We'll be [music]
speaking later in the show with
Lululemon's China MD about its mainland
business and how it plans to stretch,
sorry about the pun, [music] its winning
strategy here amid slowing consumer
demand.
>> [music]
>> All right, we start with some breaking
news here this morning when it comes to
Nissan. So, they have decided [music] to
sell its headquarters to Mint Group.
This is a $584 million deal. So that
global headquarters in Yokohama is now
going to be uh now sold to Mintth Group
here. The purchase will be led by a
special purchase company that's been
managed by the likes of KJR Management.
That's a Japanese real estate unit of
KKR and they plan to announce that sale
later on Thursday as part of this whole
broad cost cutting campaign. You've seen
the stock up some 3% here this morning.
We'll leave that there for now. Let's do
a quick look at the market action. This
whole sort of stocks rebound is
certainly underway here in Asia. You
take a look at how Taiwan is fairing as
they open up. We're up 7/10 of 1%.
Japan's already up more than one. We're
back well above that 50,000 level after
that wobble yesterday, right? All those
sort of Wall Street CEOs talking about a
10 to 20% correction. It seems like that
was just a one-day event. And right now,
we are seeing plenty of dip buying here
today in Korea as well after that
meltdown that we saw. We are relatively
speaking not seeing punchy gains, but
we're still recovering in Soul here this
morning. US futures though, keep in
mind, are still lower by about a tenth
of 1%. What drove this? Obviously, there
was that Supreme Court uh story about,
you know, they're questioning Trump's
tariffs here and possibly they could
take some limits on uh that far-reaching
campaign for President Trump. Uh so that
could be a sign of relief against these
markets as well. You also had some
strong data out of the US to talk about,
but there you go. Uh we're we're
tracking of course what where currencies
are. There's a bit of weakness, but the
the the really the tale this week has
been the dollar strengthening. uh and
we'll watch very closely, right? Dollar
yen, we're still around those 153 154
levels for example as well. You take a
look at how other asset classes are
doing, right? So given that it is a bit
more risk, gold has recovered a little
bit. We're coming off that just about
right now. Bitcoin also now around
$103,000.
Keep in mind when you're watching the
long end of the yield curve in in the
US, the US 10ear yield is now the
highest since September. When you take a
look at that ISM data that came out from
the US overnight, that was a very strong
print, right? When you're talking about
I services ISM surging uh as prices hit
a threeyear high. So the resilience of
the US economy is probably something
that's really what traders are debating
about on whether the Fed can actually
cut uh in December. You take a look at
how it looks like when it comes to
China, right? So obviously we've been
talking about robo taxes is a theme of
the game here today. You talk about
Exponent, you talk about WIRY, you talk
about uh when it comes to pony AI,
futures are pointing positive. Looks
like we'll continue the good vibes here
today uh for greater China. 712 for the
currency here. And but overnight, keep
in mind NASA Dragon did this was
slightly higher, but when you're
watching some of these key listings that
are happening here today in Hong Kong,
Dave, we ride and pony AI also fell
substantially. Expon was also down close
to 4%.
>> Yeah, very close. Peer group, same
listing date. Yeah,
>> interesting plot line there. Uh, yeah,
>> confidence. I don't know.
>> Well, we we'll find out what they feel
about each other. We'll see. I think
they're sharing the stage later with
that G. Anyway, it's going to be very
interesting. Certainly to see. And of
course, we're we'll be joined by the
bosses of those three companies over the
next few minutes or so. Let's very
briefly let's touch on the dollar.
Certainly something to talk about as it
sort of influences the the price action
today. And I was talking about ISM
actually came in services at the highest
end of forecast. So the dollar for the
first time in about a year or so is
testing the 200 day for the very first
time there uh since about a year or so.
So could see a bullish break. We'll see
what happens and whether or not this
repricing around the Fed continues.
Point number one. Point number two
related to this is following Jay
Powell's briefing and him pulling back
expectations around the Fed uh cut in
December. So we've gone from over 100%
price there. We're now nearly at coin
toss probabilities looking at whether
it's swaps or fed fund futures. This is
about based on a few minutes ago but yes
so December is pretty much could go
either way Ivon. So we we'll see what
happens with this repricing around a
stronger dollar and to your point higher
yields.
>> Yep. Joining us now let's talk more
about this is Johanna Chua head of
emerging market economics at Cityroup
Global Market. So it seems like it's
down to a coin toss what the Fed's going
to do.
>> Yeah absolutely. I think people were
spooked by the ADP the private ADP data
that came out overnight. I mean it's
really all comes down to the labor
market and right now because we don't
have any information we you know the Fed
could be you know we could be o
reopening after the government shutdown
and the Fed will be faced with three NFP
reports to digest and I think that's
where the big concern and debate going
on now is the market how weak is the
labor market because the reality is that
what was motivating the Fed to ease was
the labor market and we city as a view
our house view is that there is still
softness in the labor market
notwithstanding some of the data that
looking quite resilient and they're
going to respond to that based on a dual
mandate Because after all the median
FOMC members do see uh see policy rate
right now as modestly restrictive which
means they still have room to go to
neutral.
>> What does it mean for the dollar at this
repricing we've seen this week strongly?
>> Well you know I mean obviously we've
seen the dollar already kind of rebound.
I mean as you know market have to kind
of reassess that US economy is very
resilient. I mean we've got the Atlanta
GDP now kind of forecasting like 4%
growth which is amazing in third quarter
in the US which is above potential. I
mean we're not as as bullish. Uh so yeah
look I I think you know but you know our
view is that you know eventually we
still see some mixed signs. We do think
economic momentum is slowing down in 4Q.
Uh yes we still have you know inflation
core PCE kind of still above target but
we are still thinking that the kind of
services component of uh of inflation is
still relatively manageable. So we think
the Fed will still cut but I agree this
is very debated now uh because of this
lack of data on the labor market. And I
think people were also taken aback.
There was a there was a Dallas Fed study
that was released back in early October
saying that the 30,000 payroll is kind
of the break even NFP. [clears throat]
Like you don't really need very strong
payroll given what's happened to labor
supply. So people are still trying to
figure out what type of NFP will move
the needle for the Fed to act. And
that's why I think people are getting a
bit nervous. But you know I mean again I
I would say you know we are a little bit
more on the be you know more more dovish
and consensus. We are calling for a
December, January, and March cut. But um
but you know, again, the key thing
really is the labor market.
>> The fact that we're in a truce for a
year between US and China, I mean, does
that at least keep the export side of
things still strong for the global
economy here because trade has been
really resilient all year round?
>> Well, actually the fact that we had this
USChina truce and you had the tariff
reduction uh from you know the fentinil
tariff by 10%. The calculation is that
that actually drives down import like
the e effective tariff rate in the US by
about 1.4 percentage point. So if you're
worried about the Fed being deterred to
ease because of the inflationary impact
at the margin uh that kind of dissipates
a little bit. Uh yes I mean exports you
know I think from the China's
perspective there you know I just came
back from Beijing. I think there's a
certain level of you know greater
confidence that you know this year we
had kind of a net export significant
contribution from net exports and if you
kick the can down the road another year
they could try to squeeze a little bit
more of that but again there's kind of a
limit to that because you know our
expectation is you know you know growth
especially in the US will slow down in
the fourth quarter next year and you
know I think despite this kind of little
bit of tariff competitiveness at the
margin you know it's not clear how much
China being the second largest economy
can rely on net exports in perpetuity.
So, we do think they're going to have to
deliver more on consumption support, but
I agree. I think they feel a little bit
more confident that maybe this we can we
can chug this along a little bit longer
and that obviously helps a little bit
global risk appetite.
>> Do we need to rethink growth forecasts
for China because of this surprising
comeback and future sort of push?
>> Well, I mean to be fair, we actually
have above consensus growth forecast on
China. So, next year we still have about
4.6% growth forecast. Okay. Um look we
will see I mean we need to see first
what the reforms and the policy stimulus
that is coming out going into uh next
year and when you look at the signals
from the fourth platinum communicate
it's kind of mixed right I mean in the
commun they still focus a lot on modern
industrial system and technology
self-reliance and then expanding
domestic market is still kind of number
three you got a little bit of follow on
more positive signals in terms of
significant boost to consumption but in
the end we really need to see more
decisive policy support and you know
parts of the economy I mean China is
still struggling like real estate,
>> right? So there's obviously some offsets
there.
>> Yeah. I mean I think for China effective
tariff rates are now 40ome percent after
this truce. I mean do you think that
still keeps China quite competitive
versus
>> I mean at the you know I I think in
certain high-end kind of industrial
goods they're still super competitive
because of the scale. Uh again it's
really hard to compete. uh in fact to
the extent that there's a tariff
reduction on on China it does raise the
question of China's relative
competitiveness with Azan and for
example India but again we're also
expecting there will be you know now
that Trump is in a deal making mode we
do expect a deal will also happen in
India and maybe you know we're just we
need to wait probably we have Bihar
elections this week so maybe we need to
get out uh get ahead of after the Bihar
election because obviously a lot of the
deal making between US and India will
have to have something to do with
agricultural products which obviously is
a sensitive issue for Bihar. So that
that's something we need to watch. Uh
but yes, at the margin uh you know the
tariffial kind of moved a little bit in
China's favor.
>> I don't think necessarily it means the
the the demand for diversification is
not going to continue because it's just
an interim pause for now. I mean we've
seen with Trump you know it can it can
revise again and again. Of course we
have this worry about this AIPA but even
if we you know we'll see what happens
with AIPA in Supreme Court but you know
he still has powers on section 301 which
he has already used against China and he
can keep using it. So this is something
that I think will create still an
incentive for companies to diversify
>> the we're going into next year. Is it
just me or is the data in most places
improving? Is the global economy doing
much better than
>> Absolutely. I mean it's been phenomenal.
I mean global growth I mean we just had
Indonesia GDP growth came out also
recently overall uh global growth and
Asia growth actually ended up much
stronger than expected and it's really
been surprising right you would have
thought with tariff that should have a
lot more volatility really impacting
more exports and then there was a lot of
debate is it just frontloading we should
have payback we did see a little bit of
payback but the payback was weaker than
expected and then the the tech cycle
ended up being a lot stronger especially
memory chip cycle so we actually just
upgraded Korea growth forecast for
example partly because this chip cycle
has been so strong. So the problem is we
were so fixated on tariff there were
other secular trends happening at the
same time. Uh and then some of these
tariffs again the the headline looked
much worse than the actual effective
tariff rate because there was a lot of
carveouts and maybe we underestimated
how resilient and adaptable private
sector has been to adjust to that. Now I
don't want to be too complacent because
I do think there is still some belated
pass through that's happening. It just
takes a little bit of time. uh and we
are still seeing we are still expecting
a slowdown to materialize 4Q you know
one Q uh but I admit it has been better
than expected and and another reason why
perhaps it's been better than expected
aside from the agility of the private
sector and the tariff etc is I mean look
emerging markets is more than half of
global GDP and emerging markets as a
whole I mean has actually been a lot
more resilient uh and there's been an
improvement in the quality of policym in
EM that's really created a a lot of
resilience
>> what what does it mean for scope hope to
support. So the Bank of Korea for
example, do you see an easing there? The
rest of the region, I guess you guys
have a conference in China next week.
What are your expectations for there?
>> Right. Right.
>> Less room for easing because things are
going better.
>> Well, I I I think there's still some
room for easing, but of course, we we
have to admit that we're now in a more
mature phase of the easing cycle because
we've already delivered a lot of cuts.
So, for example, we've already, you
know, we already said RBA, uh, Reserve
Bank of Australia is done. We think 3.6
is the terminal rate. Okay. uh again
because of the latest data cycle of
growth looking a little bit better like
in Korea you know I think the rate cut
that we were expecting we've pushed it
back a year so now we basically don't
have any rate cut until maybe November
of 2020 done
>> so it's essentially in this cycle it
kind of pauses right and even in China
again given the you know equity market
is holding up there's enough liquidity
the urgency really to ease or cut policy
rates has been less right now having
said that there's you know there are
still some opportunities elsewhere. I
mean, we still see opportunities, for
example, in Philippines, uh, uh,
Indonesia, we still see opportunities,
of course, you know, again, depending of
the FX cycle. So, there's a few and and
Thailand. So, you do have a little bit
of pockets, but again, I think it's not
really we're kind of past, you know,
we're going through, you know, the tail
end and and this inflation has kind of
bottomed. So, inflation is already kind
of moving at least marginally on upward
bias.
>> Have a great week ahead and enjoy the
conference of course at city next week
in China. John Awad the head of emerging
market economics at Cityroup Global
Markets right just ahead we talked about
it's a big car stay here well still cars
are flying cars
>> flying
>> flying right
>> we're heading to the skies
>> x pong brand
>> and driverless cars too [music]
>> oh I'm scared [laughter] you get on
first I'll watch you
>> yeah um a big lineup of guests here
coming up uh very many China voices here
Pony AI Ride Xpong Lululemons China MD
also
>> they don't make cars though
>> no but lots of good leggings um where to
come this is Bloomberg
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Chinese EV maker XPOM has
showcased robo taxis, a humanoid robot,
flying cars, this event, its build as
its AI day. To tell us more, Expon vice
chair and president Brian Gu joins us
exclusively from from Guangjo. So, a lot
of fancy stuff. Brian, thanks for coming
on the show.
>> What does this mean for the business?
What are you doing exactly?
>> Well, yesterday we had a really unveiled
our latest development in AI technology
and also you know really seeing the
potential of that technology translate
into the human physical world. uh we
actually unveiled our second generation
BLA model which includes our
self-developed semiconductor as well as
you know utilizing that to really
advance the pumps driving technologies
our current existing fleet of vehicles.
Uh and then take another step further is
kind of the announcement of our robo
taxi plan. Uh we launching level four
capable vehicles next year with three
models planned that can tackle both the
robo taxi world as well as you know self
ownership of level four vehicles and our
human robot. We actually revealed our
second generation iron. So there's a lot
of new technologies really connected
through this development of AI as well
as our physical AI approach.
>> And and what I think is remarkable,
Brian, is that you're doing it all
inhouse, right? your own chips, your own
software, your own hardware.
>> It's a full stack. In terms of how this
is going to support your earnings moving
forward, I mean when if any or when do
you have any timeline on when this could
all be profitable, these new businesses?
Well, first of all, I would say uh all
these areas that we are now really
launching into uh the commercialization
stage uh most of them actually will have
volume production of products by next
year actually represents opportunities
as big if not bigger than the current EV
opportunity. So there multiple growth
drivers that's clearly to be you know
will you know start to be defined and
also I think there's the sharing of the
core technology they all share the same
AI core which we developed the new BLA
model the you know the self-developed
the semiconductor as well as the system
of advanced manufacturing as well as
powertrain technologies and this
readybuilt network of selling these
products enable us to do this much more
efficiently than a lot of other
companies. ities. So I think given the
you know the opportunity as well as the
synergy of you know these investments
give us a tremendous opportunity for the
next three to five years.
Yeah, Brian, I wanted to actually ask
you because these are actually quite
some astounding milestones that you're
doing. You're as Ivon is pointing out,
you're bringing or you've developed, let
me rephrase it, develop a lot of the
technology in-house, semis for example.
And can you tell us a little bit more
that journey was that difficult for you
to do? So I want to get a sense if of of
whether or not some of your peers can
actually look at what you did and
replicate that and that then becomes uh
something something to consider as far
as a competitive uh challenge is
concerned.
Well, first I would say it's not easy,
you know, to be really, you know,
developing a brand new business in the
semiconductor area which is highly
competitive as well. Uh, is something
that really we poured a lot of efforts,
capital as well as human capital into
it. That took us many years, I would say
more than four years of development to
get to a production stage. But I also
would like to say that this is the
something you must do if you really want
to focus on to become a full stack
leader in the new mobility technology.
You cannot rely on you know all you know
sort of partners to provide core
components of your AI core components of
your tech products going forward. That's
why we think it's something I would
expect that you know companies with
ambition with really the expectation to
be a leader in this segment for future
mobility we're all going to uh
self-developing semiconductors which has
become one of the forefront players
>> when it comes to robo taxis what what
kind of targets in terms of your fleet
what what sort of volumes are you
expecting here Brian uh and when it
comes to cities in China you know how
many can you actually roll this sort of
technology out Now
>> well for our robo taxi I think we're
doing you know differently compared to
some of the other level four companies.
Uh first of all you know we actually are
launching multiple products uh and
capable of being the robo taxi as well
as selling to private owners who
actually want to see you advanced
driving technologies if they choose to
drive themselves. So there's actually
multiple use scenarios capable of uh by
our products. Secondly is that actually
we're choosing a very much a partnership
approach. For example, yesterday we
announced a partnership with Alibaba's
AAP division where you know we actually
going to collaborate with a you know the
operator of fleets operator of mobility
network to launch such services. So
these are things that we actually
planning at the moment. We have not
detailed our exact city roll out as well
as volume roll out plans. But given our
unique strength which is you know the
fully software and hardware stack the
ability to make economically attractive
products in scale as well as having an
open and partnership approach. I think
we actually can have a much faster you
know uh sort of scale up process versus
some of the you know software or
collaboration only players.
Yeah, on scale it seems like a lot of
these products were focused more on the
Chinese market so far. Brian, I'm
wondering when it comes to going
international and your expansion efforts
there, how quickly are you even thinking
about going global at this point?
>> Well, I think you know for a technology
company ultimately you have to focus on
the global market in order to really
scale as well to amatize your
investment. Um, at the moment I think
our initial roll out will be focused on
Chinese market. the testing will happen
you know maybe first with Guangjo and
expand uh to other cities but the
partnership with AAP is actually global
partnership they also have a vision to
expand outside of China so we'll work
with them on that and also we have
announced that we're also open to
partner with other operators likely
international partners hopefully see
that similar uh collaboration model to
work internationally so I think it's a
gradual process probably China will be
the first
Brian, it's great to have you. Thank you
so much. Brian Goo there, Expo vice
chairman and president joining us there,
of course, on the company's AI day as
well. We're taking a look when it comes
to Expo Shares along with Pony AI
reride. There you go. Pony AI as we
countd down to these multiple listings
that are happening in the Hong Kong
exchange here this morning. You're
seeing the gongs right there. 10% losses
at the get-go, Dave.
>> Yeah, maybe less gusto when they when
they hit that go. We'll see. Of course,
it's the first day of trade. We'll see
of course whether or not the
underwriters come in and uh maybe
provide a little bit of smoothing as far
as these declines [music] are concerned.
It's not been a good week for first days
of trade. It's been a good week though
for listings so far, the dynamic between
the two. So, yep, the opening
pre-markets are coming up next. This is
the China show. Good morning.
All right, we're taking a look at when
it comes to these big listings that are
happening here today. Pony AI, there you
go. We're down 11% in the pre-market.
And of course, there seems to [music] be
a lot of maybe timing issues. Maybe
because its rival Ride is also listing
on the same exact day [music] today. 8%
losses for Ride, too.
>> It's kind of like two people showing up
to a blind date. Well, two Yeah, two two
dates [music] for the one, but yes. Oh,
okay. There we Von Vita is looking
pretty good though.
>> Yeah. Why don't we focus on that?
Anyway, the opening bell is coming up
next.
Another busy day out at the exchange
here in Hong Kong. You know, at this
rate, I think we should just rent some
permanent [music] space here because
we're there almost uh on on the two
frequent basis.
>> Bonnie train will let us.
>> Yeah, there's enough space. You were
there, right?
>> Oh, yeah. It's a great time. How many
gongs are up there? I think at least
six. [music] I counted
>> uh here as well. But obviously, we've
been talking about we ride. We've been
talking about Pony Eye. Animal Jewelers
is live there at the Hong Kong Exchange.
Bal, how's it going?
>> Yeah. I mean, you can see here behind me
on the stage there's four gongs up
there. Two of those companies are the
robo taxi competitors. There's Wide,
Pony AI. What's been interesting to
watch is their pre-market trading
activity because both of them have
dropped so far in the session. I heard
you mention those timing issues that
certainly could be playing into it.
There are concerns. Maybe this is the
right moment.
I hope you hear the clash of the dings.
It is very, very, very noisy down here
today. As we said, both of these
companies just starting to trade here.
And as we said, both of their US
listings have really lost some
significant ground since they started
trading on the NASDAQ last year. So the
big question is why they're listing now
and as well why they're listing on the
same day.
>> Well, yeah,
>> that that's the big question.
>> And coming at a time when people are
questioning, of course, these lofty
valuations of some of these tech
companies perhaps, you know, the timing,
as you say, could be the reason why
we're seeing such significant losses
there at the get-go. So certainly we'll
see and continue to track this one here.
Belle, he she is live for us at the Hong
Kong Exchange. But yes, a very good day
for Hong Kong Exchange. They just came
out with earnings yesterday too. They
looked really good. Um but yeah, take a
look at the rest of markets here so far.
We are seeing a bit of a rebound
underway here uh in China. Obviously
what we saw overnight in the US with
stronger data, people buying on the dip
when it comes to the tech plays once
again. So certainly risk sentiment is
back on the table. So there you go. CSI
300 is up about 4/10en of 1% and we're
watching very closely what happens with
some of the tech shares right so you are
seeing CL capabric is up to 3% uh here
this morning the news from the Supreme
Court about how they're questioning the
the amount of emergency powers that
President Trump used on these tariffs
certainly was something that helped lift
sentiment overall as well on the back of
Brazilian data coming through ISM
services was I believe a three-year high
so that was in itself enough to kind of
lift up some of the tech sort of uh
stocks there. You take a look at how
Hong Kong is doing. Uh this is what
we're focusing on here. Of course,
beyond just these listings, right? So,
you take a look at what HST that seems
to be on a bit there today. Alibaba's up
close to 2%. Body is heading the
opposite direction. Although, we are
going to f focus a little bit more uh on
the the Xpunks of the world, right? Just
given this AI sort of day, it was very
like a Tesla sort of unveiling, right?
When you're talking about robo taxis,
humanoid robots, flying cars, for
example. This is more than just an EV
company. Now they're talking about
really deploying AI into smart machines.
Uh so it's quite remarkable. According
to Brian Goo, they're talking more about
maybe even just international expansion
something sometime in the future as
well. Maybe not so much the US markets,
but right now they're focusing on
unveiling of course at least robo taxis
uh in Guangjo uh and maybe to other
cities uh moving forward there as well.
Uh let's hit the boards and see what
else we're tracking for you this
morning. So, we've been talking about uh
a few of these earnings to tell you
about. So, Galaxy Entertainment is
certainly one third quarter revenue.
There was a slight much much in line,
but we're talking about up 610 of 1%. Uh
in terms of uh when it comes to the big
listings, right, let's see how they are
doing after that gong ceremony. And
there you go. Double digit losses from
the likes of Pony AI and Rewire. We saw
this already in the ADRs leading up to
this listing here today. Potentially, it
is a timing issue. I think one analyst
said it. I don't know if it's 6 months
too early or one year too late when it
comes to this listing. Uh but certainly
the fight for investors was certainly
was very much in in display leading up
to that IPO as well. Uh we're also
watching like so Vegan Vita this is also
the other listing that we're talking
about 172% gains there. So the
biosciences the biotech plays are still
very strong here. Ningbo joy though is
also heading the opposite direction. So
some of these tech plays actually
surprisingly aren't doing too well here
today. Dave.
>> Yeah. So I'm now curious whether and I
think we could get an indication from
the underwriters whether or not they are
in the market to maybe take some of that
red off the screens. Um so it's the
first what time is it now? Four minutes.
So we'll see what volumes look like and
at what level. Anyway, okay. Yeah, it's
a good day to be a biosciences listing
here in Holland. Not so much to be in
cars, but it's the it's it's the first
day. It's the first day of trade. Uh
earnings we talked about Galaxy as you
was pointing out. Xpong is a big one.
HKX which is almost fittingly a really
good intersection of all these major
themes also reported earnings yesterday
talked about IPOs as well as as far as
the key driver for earnings. Uh the
other big story uh equally important I
think uh but there's just so much news
out there on the China front. Some some
of the biggest changes in addition of
Chinese presence to the Msei benchmarks.
Right. So in so they've added 27 Chinese
names. Can we go back to that please? Uh
20 deletions. There we go. And some of
the big names are some of the key themes
that investors have been buying into
this year. Zigjin Gold you have a chips
player there. Huahong Semi which I by
the way also comes out with earnings
robotics and also Gangfang Lit among the
many many other names that are being
added there into the thing. Okay, let's
have a look at any market reaction. And
so far, oh yes, there we go. Very clear
market reaction. A positive one when you
look at the additions and the deletions.
Get that up please if we can. Some of
the big names that have been removed off
the 24 are coming up uh on your screens.
And there we go. Quite uh un largely
expected move there given the changes
which take effect of course uh in
November. So keep an eye on that. 810 to
1% is the overall benchmark here today.
All right, let's talk to about one of
the four listings here today. Pony AI
says it plans to use the proceeds from
its Hong Kong listing to further improve
its services and extend its reach both
at home and overseas. The CEO, James
Pong, spoke to us ahead of today's
trading debut.
Being listed in Hong Kong has always
been in our plan book and because it's
our home base and a lot of the Asian
Pacific based investors actually want us
to be in Hong Kong and I think for our
marketing for our branding and for our
reach to the investors it's a good stock
market to be in.
>> Are you bothered at all that this
listing is happening on the same day as
your competitor we ride? How did this
happen?
>> No, I think it's just our process. It's
about the same speed. So, so I'm
actually super happy that uh both
autonomous driving companies will be
listed on the same day. It's actually a
great thing that's shows the market is
recognizing that this is a business
that's going to be actually has super
growth down the road and that's be
recognized by the market. So I think
overall it's a great thing to be
celebrating this great moment on the
same day.
>> I wonder how much of this is also being
pushed by the scrutiny in Washington
because there has been lawmakers calling
the SO SEC to delist some Chinese
companies including specifically Pony
AI. So do you foresee Pony AI at some
point delisting from the NASDAQ?
>> No, I I I don't think that the uh risk
of being delisted is high. Uh actually
we were planning for Hong Kong to
listing before the uh news that there's
some uh discussion about delisting uh
Chinese-based companies. So so it's
never our plan to do so but but if it
happens we at least have alternative and
and certainly this move to Hong Kong
market also derisks
uh the potential delisting. So tell me
about your fundraising plans. How are
you planning to deploy the funds? How
much is it going to R&D and how much to
fleet expansion?
>> Oh actually uh this Hong Kong IPO it was
actually quite successful that that we
even original anticipated because I
think be partly because our business uh
is growing strong partly because the uh
investors recognizing our success.
uh majority about half of the funds
mostly will be deployed for the uh
growth and deployment of our robo taxi
fleet. Half of the fund is for for that
purpose. Majority of the rest probably
will continue for R&D because I think
the uh safety and the advancements of
our technology has always been and will
continue to be our competitive mode.
There has been some high-profile
accidents lately, right, from Xiaomi and
other companies. And as you said, while
the Chinese government has been very
fast in approving regulations, other
global governments have been pretty wary
of this technology. So, how are you
prepared to deal with regulatory push
backs from global governments around
safety concerns of autonomous driving?
>> I think the best way is to prove
ourselves. So uh because we have all the
uh safety track record in the cities
that we operated in and from our design
itself uh we actually have redundancy
put in we have uh 360 degree of
sensoring coverage with actually at any
single point we make sure there's at
least two sensors looking at it and also
from a safety design and the safety
requirements point of view we all the
design considerations and
implementations and also the safety
track record. So, so essentially we'll
present to the government for any
government that we plan to enter will
show that we have all the design
principles and we have good track
record.
>> What's your message to investors who are
concerned that you still haven't reached
profitability at this point? Why should
they be betting on your company? We are
already at the uh uh inle inflection
point because the thing that for the
last nine years we were mainly focusing
on R&D and we made we have made our
product to be safe to be economical to
be enjoyable by the users and even more
importantly because we have a huge cost
reduction on our Gen 7 uh vehicles uh we
will be able to reach per vehicle basis
uh gross profit. That means every car we
launch to the market, we can make money
on it. And then the rest to have the
companywide profitability. Then the
problem just remains to be we launch
more cars uh continue to increase the
the gross margin. Then we should have at
least uh in short I think at least we
have a clear path to the uh
profitability for the whole company. So
when do you think is that point when you
can reach positive net income?
>> By our rough estimation, it's about
50,000 vehicles. When we reach that
level, then then the whole company
>> and realistically what's the timeline
for that?
>> Yeah, I we we think it can be like 28 29
time frame. But essentially towards the
end of this decade,
>> James Pong there, Pony AI CEO with our
China correspondent Minman Low. Coming
up. Y speaking to the next one there.
The CEO we ride as the firm lists
[music] in Hong Kong. That interview
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
I would consider we ride as a great
company. they actually push the
boundaries of the technology with many
other companies [music] our peers and
it's a respectable company. So, so I
mean I literally I don't think it's uh
we are [music] as as you you you one of
the previous question alluded to [music]
it's a saturated market.
>> All right. Uh it's a big listing [music]
day in Hong Kong. I look at the four
trading debuts in Hong Kong today. So
the uh the comments you just heard were
from Pony AI from one. Let's jump to the
second one on your screens and let's
bring in our tech correspondent
Annabelle of course who's standing by at
the exchange with a conversation with
the other one. Bill,
>> that's right. Yeah, it's it's been a
really big day for listings here in Hong
Kong. So four different companies
starting to having marking their
listings here today. Two of those in the
robo taxi space as you said. Pony AI we
ride as the other and we've got Tony Han
joining us this morning. So thanks
[music] very much for making the time.
We can see of course the shares are a
bit under pressure so far in early
trading but what was the the rationale
for listing now? Okay. So for we ride
you know we are a very uh uh very
technologydriven company and [music] u
you know we require lots of funds to
build up sales network and uh to invest
in AI and uh uh and m machine learning
[music] and we want to build up robo
taxi and this dual primary listing in
Hong Kong exchange give us access to
both US capital market and east Asia and
Asia capital market. This is a [music]
milestone in the development of V right
and with this kind of fund raised and
with this development we [music] are
very sure that will help us to extend
our global business. We can get to to
how you're planning to use those funds
in a moment but I do want to ask first
whether you think there's been any sort
of timing issue here. Of course, we have
seen your US listed uh shares dropping
because these ones here are priced at a
bit of a discount, but but generally
we've seen we ride as well slipping
quite significantly since it started
trading on the NASDAQ. So, do you see
any concerns around around the the
timing side?
>> Not at all. You know the timing side is
just a natural consequence because after
US listing we start the process of Hong
Kong listing because of this kind of
procedure normally take more than one
year and uh you know I think we write
has done a fantastic job in uh applying
preparing all the documents and talking
to the investors. So within one year,
think about it. We were listing last
October 24th last year. Within one year,
achieve this kind of dual primary
listing. I think it's a fantastic
transcript, a fantastic score.
>> Okay. I mean, I'm sure you're busy and
you're probably looking forward to a
holiday at some point, but you mentioned
the funds that you're raising and it's
been it's more than 300 million for this
listing. How you planning to use them?
>> Yeah, exactly. Thank you for the
question. So, there are many big uh many
uh four categories we are going to apply
the funding. Number one, always try
recruiting. We want to recruit top
talented engineers from all over the
world working on robo taxi and to
realize our dream. Second, we want to uh
invest in the data center and uh GPUs
for for data training. Third one, we
want to build robo taxi fleet because
you know we ride has a global business.
We have uh uh driving permit from uh
seven countries. Uh we have 30 cities
over 11 countries for testing. So we are
building a big robo taxi fleet. uh the
first one we are building our sales
network because uh with the maturing of
the technology I think sales and
operation are becoming more and more
important. Yeah, you really get that
sense of especially from the Chinese
robo taxi players, you Apollo also at
Pony as well that it's really that sort
of aggressive global [music] expansion
push that you're that you're pursuing
ahead of any sort of questions around
profitability. But what does it mean for
the profitability question given you've
got such a big outlay on things like uh
that expansion effort? You know the
profitability I would say is a very
natural outcome and think about advance
of the technology. Maybe like 10 years
ago nobody nobody will will you know I
can say I'm sorry 20 years ago people
will have very very spec skeptical about
profitability of all the e- business but
now nobody question about it and robo
taxi is something like currently people
like the service and they are trying it
but I'm very very confident after five
years nobody just think people treat it
as a infrastructure do you think any
infrastructure will be not profitable
It's it's can't imagine. It's not
imaginable. So for as long as we can
keep on going and keep the safety
record, the pro probability is a sure
thing. It's a natural optimal.
>> We did speak with uh Pony AI about this
as well. They're saying that that
definitely by the end of the decade they
can be profitable maybe even 2028 2029.
What's your timeline?
>> I think the the the the timelines all
the the first tier robo taxi comedy they
have similar timeline. So I'm more uh uh
you know I was I will use more of my
time and my energy to think about what's
after profitability. So our our vision
is like using autonomic driving to make
everybody uh travel safer, more
comfortable, more efficient. That's our
vision. We have a grand vision.
Profitability is a milestone is a
natural outcome. But that is not the
single objective we are pursuing. We are
pursuing to push forward for the
technology to push forward to make
everybody feel happy
>> in terms of that global expansion push.
You're you're in Europe, Middle East,
Southeast Asia is another key market for
for robo taxi companies in general.
Where do you see the biggest chance then
of of at least margins? I mean I think
between
>> must be between the Middle East and and
Europe I'd say.
>> Exactly. I want to stay with some
numbers. You know Middle East is
definitely our one of major uh market.
Think about our report in second
quarter. In the second quarter of 2025,
we have more than 60% of revenue growth
with a profit of 40%. And more
specifically, our global taxi income
grows eight times compared to last year.
This all because of our great global
techn uh global strategy in Middle East
and also in Europe. Therefore, I I I
always mention with this kind of growth,
profitability is a natural outcome. You
know I don't care too much about the
timing of out natural outcome. I care
about how can we right become a real
leader. We are first mover. Currently we
are still industry leader but can we
become a very very dominant industry
leader in this area. That's the thing we
are working hard. describe to
>> actually on that point because we have
heard you know in the pony AI road show
materials that that you were concerned
that there were some inaccurate
statements that were made about we write
in that what would be your response
>> I think you know uh the numbers are not
correct that's that's a fact but for us
you know we think great comedy is great
company no matter how competitor
describe you and we [music] write with
our numbers see our prospectors and see
our real numbers members and we are so
confident I'm happy with the progress of
our company.
>> Are you making or taking any sort of
follow-up actions then? So currently we
are trying to ma mainly working on the
Hong Kong exchange and on expanding our
global
>> I mean in terms of the the road show
materials are you
>> the road show materials is something you
know we are working on I'm going to look
at the details and everything but one
thing I want to emphasize that is the we
want we are building ecosystems we are
seeking for partners
>> and on also for the future I want all
competitions to be friendly okay I
believe the best technology technology
company will win, not the company that
trying to show the round numbers.
>> Okay.
>> Well, Tony, thanks so much for taking
the time to speak with us and
congratulations again on the listing.
Avon, I do need to point out as well
that we did have the interview with the
Pony AI CEO James Pong. He put that down
to a misunderstanding and and likewise
as well said that we ride is a great
company, but that was the response
there.
>> Okay, thank you.
>> Yeah. Um, coincidence then maybe, but
yeah,
>> we can all get along. You know, the
world enough.
>> Yeah,
>> not James Bond here.
>> So many room for so many room so much
room for gongs there on that stage,
right? So,
>> not a lot for gains today, though.
>> Yeah. Uh, thanks for Tony Han, of
course, founder and CEO, we ride there,
speaking with Belle just earlier on. If
you're a subscriber, you want to watch
all the interviews that we had this
morning. You can also check it out on
interactive TV function TV go. You can
come part of [music] the conversation.
You can also send us instant messages or
questions as well for our guests
throughout the show. Check it out at TV
go.
Right, welcome back. All right, there's
so much uh Ooh. Oh, okay. What's this?
Oh, Japan. Okay. Toyota is an earning
story, although the market did get quite
a small window to react to it. Enough of
course yesterday, some guidance and of
course what it means as far as the the
currency's concerned. Uh Nissan, the
story, the scoop was out on the
headquarters earlier today that they're
they're looking to sell the one in
Yokohama. Uh Sanrio is a tariff story.
uh when you look at uh what the company
said I mean this is the biggest decline
in by the way in MSE Asia Pacific
>> and uh Renee Power is to be honest I
don't know I don't know what the story
is there you know what it is though
anyway
>> uh I know about Hello Kitty though I'm
taking a look at uh San Rio right they
were talking about had they had to cut
their US sales forecast really just
because of the impact of of tariffs so
um that really led to you know a3
billion billion yen when it comes to
those sales targets now for the full
year uh [music] for the US. So um we'll
see, right? They they plan to increase
labor marketing costs as well, which
also has seen as a negative. That's why
maybe we're seeing that stock sell off
quite a bit here today as well. Uh
Wayai, you're watching that one.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So So Ren, I I I now
understand it's an earnings story.
Apologies for that. [laughter] And Wayai
Power, this one we're still trying to
figure out, but both A&H shares are the
biggest advancers [music] in Asia today.
Plenty more ahead.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI a half hour into the
session and we are still seeing gains of
about 8/10 of 1%. [music] So the overall
market is doing quite well. We're seeing
this recovery underway when it comes to
risk assets here today and the back what
we saw in the US tech once again uh in
favor. Uh but when you talk about some
of these big listings as well, not a
good day to list in Hong Kong.
>> It hasn't been a good week. In fact, I
think yesterday even series didn't do
didn't do well out of the gates. This
one actually is quite pronounced because
these are
>> relatively big household names when you
look at the tech and EV space. Not that
series
>> AI we ride. Yeah.
>> Right. Um the biotech one is you know
what? So the the biotech firms really
underscore that has really been
consistent from from the listings we've
seen and the price action this year of
for that sector. So that one was
actually up 200% among the
>> seven. So you have four I believe in
Hong Kong, two or three in mainland
China. Suffice to say the activity seems
to be doing very very well. In fact, let
me just point your attention to our you
know Bloomberg intelligence Wong had his
fantastic piece out today. a few more
listings and we get to 40 billion US
dollars raised in Hong Kong this year.
>> Already 28 billion I think as of
October. So, uh not much more really and
we've already seen I think eight already
listings that are above raising $1
billion each
>> uh including what we've been seeing this
week with series and the like. So
certainly there's a lot of big deals
that are still uh we're not done quite
yet as we wrap up of course the calendar
for 2025 for HKX. Their earnings just
came out as well. pretty good numbers
there thanks to of course these big
listings we've seen so far. Um but
really the big discussion this week has
been not just on tech but really what
what's been going on with the Fed,
right? I mean when you take a look at
that ISM services number that came out
overnight. I mean mind you we are really
honed in on the private data right now
but really markets seem to be really
kind of focusing on these these numbers.
That's all we have amidst this US
government shutdown. uh the fact that
they were three-year highs, you know,
just goes to show, you know, data still
remains quite strong in the US. I think
the ADP was also another issue here, but
yeah, you're starting to see the dollar
come through a bit more strength and Fed
expectations on when the next hikes cut
should be I should say that diminishing
also.
>> Yeah, J. Paul really started off that
move to to repric the December meeting
uh from 100 we felt to about 77 75%
following the data overnight ADP and I
think even prices paid three-year highs
we're now you know a little bit more
we're effectively at a coin jaws this is
of course worth pointing out this is a
uh this is an everm moving target but
the direction of travel recently has
really been uh to the downside uh we
were also talking to city earlier this
time in the last hour and they actually
when you look at the the direction of
data in the last week or so. It's really
been one that suggests that the global
economy has held up not just better but
a lot better than expectations going
into this year. Right? So you have us
going into next year and they think city
Joanna said the RBA is done hiking
cutting. They're done.
>> Korea while they signal they're open to
a cut the next three months they think
the BOK is done at least for a year. M
>> uh and then when you look at China for
example, uh they do think there is some
upside risk there to growth given how
exports have really come through in a
very big way. Plus of course tariffs are
about to come down. So u we're in a good
place as far as the the economic numbers
are concerned.
>> Yeah, that seems to be the case. I think
the key question really for the markets
is this whole unwind of this AI trade. I
mean it seems like it just took one day
and we're already seeing dip buyers.
>> We had AMD and um is it Qualcomm that
came out
>> came out with some pretty rosy
forecasts, right? And of course, we
still have Nvidia in just about two
weeks time. So, where are we now? Let's
bring in Christina Woon, portfolio
manager at Eastring Investments. She
joins us from Singapore.
>> I know the key thing you're watching is
for this whole AI trade and how this
unwinds. It all took one day and we
already saw people coming in and
scooping up some bargains. Where to next
now, you think, Christina?
>> Yeah, I I definitely think this is is
something that uh you know, we've got to
keep a close eye on. I mean the key
reason for that is you know we've seen
this AI trade uh run really hard and
fast um in a short span of time and um
you've seen uh and and you've seen a bit
of a technical correction over the past
couple of days but underlying that I
guess um where uh the market clearly is
in agreement is that this AI trade is a
structural one. So we've seen a bit of
buying on dips today as well this
morning. Um I do think that even with um
all of this, it's something to to to
bear in mind just because um given how
investors typically are, expectations do
tend to run ahead of fundamentals at
some point. So even while we're enjoying
the ride, we do have to keep questioning
ourselves, you know, when does the party
stop? Am I going to be the last person
in the room? And and these are the
questions that are important to make
sure that you keep pace on both sides of
that trade.
>> Okay. Well, Christina, where are you on
that spectrum then? Are you more on the
>> um we're probably not going to be the
last one standing here at the end of the
party or do you see more room for
rational compression in valuations right
now without of course us going over a
cliff?
>> Sure. Sure. I I do think um sort of as I
mentioned before um the past couple of
days have been more of a technical
correction. If you look at how things
have held up fundamentally um things are
the picture is still looking quite
strong. So I think that does lead to a a
reasonable case for for today's buying
on on dips. If you look at the
longerterm structural story as well and
the capex numbers that have come through
from the hyperscalers in recent times um
these numbers are much larger than we've
seen even year and year. So I do think
again structurally that does give a a
good case fundamentally for for this
theme to continue. But it all does come
back to expectations. you know, if it
runs too hard, too fast at the start,
then that's when you start seeing some
of these cracks form. Um, but that could
either be buying on dips or you you uh
you just have to be very careful on on
whether that's a start of an unwind or
um if uh it is an opportunity to buy
>> well then candidates if if I like how
you put it, right? So it's it's a buy
and dip scenario more than a rotation is
what I understand that you're alluding
to because what I want to get to is are
there alternatives though to this one
because you look at market cap you look
at momentum
I can't seem to look at any other
factors or sectors that can take up that
market leadership over the shorter term.
I wonder what what else we could be
looking at here if if if at all.
Christina,
>> I think you rais uh you know an
absolutely brilliant point because
that's really the way the market has
shaped up into the year end because of
how strong this AI trade has been and if
we look at how the benchmark is is
constructed you know it or or the tech
sector is is a substantial part you know
it's a quarter of the benchmark so um
and I would argue a part of that a big
part of that is highly correlated as
well I think if we want to be uh
discerning and uh managing of of our
risk in in the current times. We do have
to look elsewhere for other
opportunities. You know, India is of
interest at this point. I do think it's
quite uncorrelated to to the AI trade as
well. It does have a strong domestic
economy that fires on different
cylinders as well. So, for
diversification purposes, um that's a
market that's of interest to me at this
point. It's also been a relative lag
this year. you know, um I mean it's it's
up high single digits still, but
compared to what we've seen in Korea,
Taiwan, and China, um it's still been
it's still lagged a little and to me
that's an opportunity because if you
look at the recent earning season as
well, numbers have come in at either
inline or a slight beat. Um and it
doesn't sound great but uh it doesn't
sound like a huge beat but uh if you
take that in the context of the fact
that India's been in an earnings
downgrade cycle year to date then in uh
earnings that come in in line or a
slight beat at this point actually could
point to a bit of a trough and the
festive season demand has held up if
that continues to do well as well. Um
that's a good setup into next year.
>> Yeah, I mean up until now it's been
really a China versus India uh over
India sort of story. I I I want to take
a look at some of those MCI additions
that we saw uh in this November review.
And it seems like it's the for the first
time uh I think since February 2024,
we've actually seen more net additions
into some of these indices uh at a time
when you know global portfolios were
really cutting their risk and being
underweight China. What does this tell
you about this market? Is this another
catalyst for people to really rerate
China once again? and our long only
global investors are really warming up
to the idea that China is back.
>> No, I would I would definitely hope so
because I mean if we just took a look at
how China's performed this year. I mean
year to date it's been quite a strong
performer as well. But if we look at
that relative to history, you know, it's
not even it's not even hitting all-time
highs, you know, whereas if you look at
some of the other markets uh um in Asia
or globally actually, they've all been
hitting all-time highs this year. So you
could argue that um where valuations are
right now um and where interest has been
coming in from an indices perspective as
well there actually could be a bit more
to go from a flows or positioning
perspective um that could be interesting
as well. And if you look at China even
past all the geopolitical headlines
there are certain um sectors
[clears throat] within the market that
continue to be quite interesting. You
know, I personally like the industrial
sector where, you know, you can play in
China's national champions in batteries
or heavy duty truck cycles as well. Um,
it's it's quite an interesting space
where you can also find idiosyncratic
risk.
>> Christina, thank you. Christina Wound
there, portfolio manager at Espring
Investments, joining us out of Singapore
there. And of course, coming up next,
we'll be hearing from Lululemon's China
managing director. She's joining me
joining Steve there in Shanghai. This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. So I think the big news this week
corporate in corporate China, right? You
remember Starbucks and the issues
they're having there with their foreign
units. In fact, when you look at the
opposite of some of the success stories,
Lululemon, when you look at their
specific China unit and the amount of
growth they've seen throughout the years
expected into the next few years. So,
from about early 2022, $400 million into
the expected close to 2 billion of the
China business. That's about a 5x growth
uh just over five years, right? Let's
see, of course, if analysts be are
proven to be correct. Now as a
percentage of the company's global
revenues where the US is still the
biggest market and then you have China
and then you have Europe and everything
else you can see China's gone from about
mid-s single digits in 2022 and expected
to go into the mid- teens in about 2
years from now. So that growth as a
percentage of the pie in an absolute
basis is really working out when you
look at what Lululemon's doing here in
mainland China specifically. It's quite
remarkable, right? A time when the, you
know, consumption has been soft that
they've been really been able to stand
out as a foreign brand in the mainland
as well. Not many have been able to do
that. As for the stock though, you know,
what are the preferences from investors?
Well, you take a look at something like
Lululemon and Ammer for example, and
it's like almost a tale of two
sportsware companies, right? Because
some of these sort of global premium
performance, it seems like the likes of
Ammer, the technical sportware makers
are still outperform the likes of
Lululemon. It's going to be a key
question, right? Can can Lululemon
replicate what they're doing in in the
China and maybe can maybe replicate that
in the in the West because clearly we're
seeing sales uh in in other parts are
not as as robust. So certainly that's
going to be one thing. Let's get to the
China International Expo that continues
today in Shanghai. And of course, chief,
our chief corresponding, he's at the
event and we're talking leggings. We're
talking Lululemon today, Steve.
>> Yeah, that's right. And I'm getting a
bit of a hard cell to switch over from
Hugo Boss to Lululemon athleisure wear
for on air. But I digress. Let's bring
in the guest, China MD for Lululemon.
Syan, thanks so much for having us here.
>> Thanks for having me. So, we just went
through a bunch of numbers how we're
seeing how the China market obviously
last year and into this year took the
advantage of the big boom in athleisure
wear and sporting wear and outdoor
activities. Uh, we have seen that market
tail off a bit. How are you being
impacted by that?
>> Um, we have only been in Lululemon,
China for only 12 years. So we feel like
this is only the beginning of our
journey and we have been not going in
China but going together with China in
order to expand this healthy China 2030
uh movement that the government is
pushing. So we do see our positioning as
a well-being advocacy with our products
with our community to drive movement to
find joy in movement and not necessarily
a certain sports and activities.
But how are you seeing the drive to
boost consumption? Is that starting to
pay off? Obviously, people are a little
bit hesitant to spend a lot right now.
Households are holding on, but $150
leggings, uh, yoga pants, $600 jackets.
Are you finding a sweet spot that still
commands? Because there's also the lower
cost or lower price dupes, the
alternatives.
>> So, I feel like Chinese guests are very
sophisticated. our product. We believe
in the science of you. We have a lot of
technology and innovation in our
material that once you put on our
product, you know, the sensation is
different. The durability and
versatility of Lululemon product makes
it a good investment. A lot of Chinese
guests that wants to buy. Obviously,
there's competition, there's option, but
it actually gives us a sweet spot where
I think it's value for money that the
Chinese guests love.
>> What kind of pricing power do you have
right now? Because China, you've been
kind of a margin king compared to in the
United States. So actually you've had
better pricing power here than in your
biggest market in the United States.
>> So definitely I think in terms of
pricing is an acceptable level. I think
the guest enjoys it. On top of it is the
community that we bring together. The
awareness of well-being that we're
trying to advocate is something that
resonate really really strongly with our
Chinese guest. What would you like to
see from authorities as far as kind of
unlocking the consumer? Uh they Li Chang
was here at the CIE the premiere
yesterday and he was saying we need to
unlock the consumer consumption given
the trade war consumption is going to be
key and boosting that contribution to
GDP.
>> Definitely I think we see oursel as a
player together with the Chinese
government about bringing well-being and
wellness to China. So as the government
support us in building more stadium
promoting activity, we also play a part
in bringing community together making
them accessible to workouts to yoga
classes. They're free. All our stores,
our 165 store across the country are
actually our community hut that pro to
provide access to classes for free.
>> So 165 stores now
>> 45 cities.
>> So what is the projection over the next
couple of years? Do you see room to grow
even further in where and how many
stores are we talking?
>> Yeah, we see still we still see runway
and opportunity not only in our 165
store. We also have a strong online
business that a to us to actually know
where our guests actually live. In that
sense, we still see a run of growth in
tier 2, tier three cities.
>> Okay. Uh singles day is coming up. You
usually get a boost right on November
11th.
>> Yeah, it started. It's already started
the pre- singles day, right? So, are you
going to be able to keep that kind of
momentum through the rest of this year
and into 2026 given the overall slowdown
in this segment?
>> Definitely. I think our singers day's
performance so far has been very very
strong in the
>> very very strong
>> is is we definitely see very good growth
but I know singers day had another few
more weeks to go but so far the result
has been very very encouraging. At the
same time is like how do you
differentiate in terms of platform? How
do you actually balance your OMI
services and how do store and and online
not cannibalize one another? It's things
that we're working on through services
to product differentiation. So, it's
been very very positive for us.
>> Now, some of those numbers that Ivon and
David brought up, we're looking at those
charts. Last year, we were seeing China
contributed about 10% of global revenue.
Uh projections 2027 about 16.8. Is that
in line with your internal numbers? Uh
17% of global market. How important then
when you go back to the North American
market and see weakness in the United
States or at least slowing pace of
growth, how important then would China
be to the overall global ambitions of
this company?
>> China is Lululemon's second largest
market. So our growth and our focus on
the growth of how we build the internal
collective as well as local talent
enable us to actually understand this
market feed back to global and grow in
China. What has the overall trade chaos
in the world done to your strategy and
how you're thinking about growing this
market and the bifurcation of supply
chains as well as shopping trends?
>> So I'm only uh responsible for China in
that sense. I I don't see immediate
chaos for for
>> how is it affected your procurement? I
think China is one of the biggest
sources of fabrics for you. uh how has
that changed and has it changed now that
we've had a bit of a truce and a
relaxation in some sectors uh for
tariffs? So at this today I don't see
any impact to the China business per se
>> no impact at all the
>> not with China my business in China
>> on procurement
>> do you see yourself maybe buying more
from China
>> um we we have a shared like resources in
terms of procurement and allocation as
of today I think we're we we we are
strong in where we are today
>> yeah okay um going forward though where
would you take this model next The China
market has been very successful. I know
you only look at this market, but is
this a market that is you, you know, you
can replicate elsewhere in elsewhere in
Asia as a model that you can take back
to Vancouver and say this is working?
>> We definitely share a lot of all our
successes with the rest of the region to
see that is actually resonate with them
in a sense like in terms of our store
design, how we actually do an event like
our Chinese New Year campaign. So I
don't see as China for China only. But
at the same time I always look at it is
not a China strategy. It's a Chinese
strategy. At the end of the day there
are Chinese around the world and how do
we share this and how do we syndicate
what we have done well to the rest of
the world.
>> So we earlier we talked about that boom
time through last year in athleisure and
experience uh spending right. So how do
you see the segments changing? What are
Chinese buying now? How has that
changed? What your product mix? So
definitely there's a lot of competition
at play but I feel like competition
doesn't have to be a threat. It's
actually a catalyst for innovation and
excellence. I think for our product we
call it high performance high style.
It's technical material but it's
versatility that enables you to wear to
the office to wear for casual to wear
for a sweat. So in that sense I think
our success in in material innovation
has actually helped us to scale into
other occasions that the guest could
wear. What does 2026 look like then for
you as compared to this year?
>> 2026 but it is we're still very positive
of our outlook for China.
>> Yeah. And the dupes I have to talk about
them because they are uh they've hit all
the other major competitors of your as
well getting lower price alternatives to
the premium brands such as yourself. How
do you how does your strategy change to
counter that when a lot of those dupes
are showing up online at Singles Day and
beyond?
>> There's definitely dupes for everywhere
and anywhere, but if you were to try a
Lululemon leggings, you will know the
difference. Um, you know, our material
technology is based on science of feel.
They may look the same, but when you put
it on, you absolutely could tell the
difference between a Duke and a
Lululemon legging. So, in that sense, I
think at the end of the day, the guests
will realize that it's actually what
they pay for in terms of quality and
performance.
>> Well, it's going to take a lot of
convincing to get me into leggings. But,
uh, thanks so much, Syang, and thanks so
much for joining us here on Bloomberg
television. Okay, guys. Going to send it
back to you from the China International
Import Expo or CIE where we're here at
the Lululemon booth.
Steve, as a matter of fact, I think you
would look stunning and fantastic and
pastel.
>> We were just saying the 11-1vens. We
were just looking at the sales. I think
I found some leggings for
>> Yeah. So, yeah. U [laughter]
So, what is it called? Uh skinny and
utility there.
There we go. Uh leave me out of it.
>> Yeah. But there's a whole conversation
in our newsroom. you know, are you a
Lululemon loyal Yeah. fan and customer
or, you know, you're are you kind of
leaning some to some of the dupes as
well? I think it's a pretty mixed so
far.
>> It's so expensive, but I mean, there's a
market for it certainly.
>> Yeah, there's there's a whole market up
for dupes, though. Um, on Tobo, I
definitely have seen that as well. But
yes, as you said, once you once you try
one on, you know, it's hard to go back.
>> Okay. Well, I know what I'm doing right
after the shows today. [laughter] I'm
slipping into those leggings and maybe
ne never coming back. All right. There
we go. [laughter]
Um, lots more ahead here.
>> No one can see what you're wearing under
the desk.
>> No. Oh, maybe already [laughter]
Shanghai is joining us with Steve there,
of course, in business sentiment. Uh,
following last week's trade truths
[music] between two countries. Plenty
more ahead. This is the China show.
Uh right, welcome back. uh some movers
to tell you about EOB and of course
earnings season still quite a
substantial amount though and as you can
see the market's reacting to that this
provision u in le there we go that's the
big word for the day not really uh of
these property risks tied to those um
three quarter profit beat though on DBS
yes go
>> yeah DBS I mean those shares are
actually at a record right now we're up
some 3% so you know another tale of two
Singaporean banks after that third
quarter profit beat so uh that was
really driven by the strong performance
in this wealth business that really did
help them this time around. So there you
go. That's a Singaporean bank situation.
Let's take a look at some of these China
chip stocks cuz you take a look at SMIC
some of the Huahung semis they are some
of the standouts and this HStech rally
that continues on here today. High
information for example that's up some
7% right now and a very different story
to some of the listings that we're
seeing in robo taxis and the like here
today in Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, the OG seem to be doing well. The
new ones of the block don't seem to be.
Expound [music] is the biggest decliner
along the benchmark here. It's also
worth pointing out speaking of earnings
and chips, Huahong Semi is actually on
deck I believe today to report uh
earnings. Yep, that's also an MCI story
which we'll talk about on the other side
of this break. A glance at this rally
now here in Greater China. This is the
China show.
[music]
All right, it's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are heading to that
lunch break in [music] just a moment and
yeah, looks like things are looking
pretty good in Tokyo here today. NIK 225
and topics are punching 1% higher here.
So, we're [music] back above that 50,000
level for the nicay here. Strength
coming back a little bit when it comes
to dollar yen or [music] the yen I
should say, but we're still around that
153 154 mark, Dave.
>> Yeah, from 154 to 15386. I'm sure our
Sherion feels a lot wealthier today with
that big move headed into the lunch
break. Here's here here's a lunch
suggestion for you. Have a bit have a
bit of instant noodles. Wash that down
with some yakult and then top that all
off with some chocolate. Reason we had
that up. These are the three deletions
from the Msei on the Japan side of
things.
>> All food related.
>> All food related. Yeah. Um probiotics
for the win. [laughter]
>> Uh the story in China is different
though. Uh these are the additions
coming through partial list on your
screens in terms of market reaction. 27
in, 20 out, net 7. Some of the names are
coming through like these ones here on
your screen. The legions are also coming
through in a couple of minutes if not
moments that show the police.
>> And yeah. Okay. Um why don't we get more
on the story?
>> Yeah. The fact that we're seeing
actually net additions, right? I think
it's the first [clears throat] time in
maybe more than a year and a half that
we've seen that certainly does show
maybe sentiment in a narrative is
changing around Chinese stocks. Let's
bring in Katherine I. She of course
tracks all markets for us here uh in
Hong Kong. She leads our Asia stocks
coverage. Yeah. What are these sort of
additions deletions tell you?
>> I mean I think this is a long time
coming. This market has been so strong.
We've seen it through I mean starting
from the beginning of the year with Deep
Seek and the AI changes, right? We see
it with the way that China has really
owned sort of the EV space with the
robotic space. I mean, I think the
companies here are really representative
of just the growth story that we've
seen, right, from UB tech to to the to
the to the gold players. I mean, this is
really the the semiconductor, the you
know, the chip companies. Um, I mean,
this is really kind of a a follow to
just how strong this market has been.
And this makes a lot of sense, right? I
mean, index compilers are are are trying
to find winners here. And then I think
this is a clear obvious one.
>> Yeah. the the backdrop is I think to the
point you just made the you know the
world is coming from a reality where a
lot of people were massively underweight
China and now with these index compilers
catching up you you would think that
there would be flows coming through as
well uh to close some of that
underweight should are we expecting more
flows to come into this Chinese market
generally
>> I mean I I I think so I mean even I mean
beyond the passive side I think we've
already seen that with the sort of
active fund managers people talking
about being overweight China coming back
to the market after so many years right
I'm just I had a conversation with a
friend earlier this week who was saying,
you know, like just this year has been
so remarkable. Someone who who who
trades in the market and you know that
the year the the last couple years have
been have been just awful and and that
this is just the year has just really
kind of blown us out of the water. Um
and so yeah, I mean I think we've seen
on the active side, the passive side
following through just makes total
sense.
>> And I think we have we're almost done
with earning season in China, but we
still have some of the big tech plays as
well. Are expectations a bit too high
now or realistic? Like what's what's
your team looking at there?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yes. With with
Alibaba and JD and 10%, I mean, those
are the big ones, right? I mean, they're
the the
>> next few days. I think
>> they are remarkable with the stock moves
this year have been remarkable, right?
They've come off, you know, a tad bit as
people take a bit of a breather. But I I
think we are still expecting some pretty
strong numbers coming up in the next
week, two weeks or so. That's right. Um
that the market is pricing them at, you
know, near perfection. I think that's
the hot top, you know, word. Um I think
the market is continuing to price these
things at near perfection, but there's
just a lot of um anticipation to see how
the the there hopes and there's um all
this uh talk about AI is going to be
monetized. Um and so I think that's just
that's that's really going to be the the
the hot topic as we go into earnings.
>> Yeah, hopefully they they guide towards
that and really an understanding of how
they monetize a lot of the I wouldn't
say hype, but a lot of the big
announcements that they've made already.
Katherine, fantastic. Thank you so much,
Kathine. Neither, of course, who leads
our Asia stocks uh coverage. Okay. In
fact, just about 30 minutes ago, you
know, we heard from one of our guests,
Christina Wuen, out of Espring, talked
about what the broader implications and
the message really it's sending by
really having a lot more China presence
in Msei. Have a listen to to her
comments just now. If we just took a
look at how China's performed this year,
I mean, year to date, it's been quite a
strong performer as well. But if we look
at that relative to history, you know,
it's not even it's not even hitting
all-time highs, you know, whereas if you
look at some of the other markets uh um
in Asia or globally actually, they've
all been hitting all-time highs this
year. So you could argue that um where
valuations are right now um and where
interest has been coming in from an
indices perspective as well there
actually could be a bit more to go from
a flows or positioning perspective.
>> Yep. So plenty to choose from according
to Christina when it comes to China. But
yes today when it comes to robo taxis
for example may not be your day if you
think about what pony AI and we ride are
doing here. Was this just a timing issue
on why these two rivals decided to list
on the same day as they battle for of
course investors and investors eyeballs
really right and money right you're down
14% for Ponyi Ride's double digits as
well
>> yeah in fact we spoke to weide founder
and CEO Tony Han at the stock exchange
earlier he talked about company's
international operations particularly
what they plan around as far as the
Middle East market is is is uh middle
east market is concerned have a look
>> you know middle east is definitely our
one of major uh market. Think about our
report in second quarter. In the second
quarter of 2025, we have more than 60%
of revenue growth with a profit of 40%.
And more specifically, our robo taxi
income grows eight times compared to
last year. This all because of our great
global techn uh global strategy in
Middle East and also in Europe.
Therefore I I I always mention with this
kind of growth profitability is a
natural outcome. You know I don't care
too much about the timing of natural
outcome. I care about how can we right
become a real leader. We are first
mover. Currently we are still industry
leader but can we become a very very
dominant industry leader in this area.
That's the thing we are working hard. We
strive to
>> Yeah. one of the two uh listings in the
sector. The other one of course is Pony
AI. James Pong is the CEO there and
Minman of course our China correspondent
uh did speak with with them yesterday
ahead of this IPO today.
>> Yeah, it's an interesting visual this
morning where you have James Pong and
Tony Han standing on the same stage and
both of them by the way are alumni of PU
and we know that Apollo go is by far the
market leader in China right now. So
it's an old boys club there but
>> homecoming of sorts.
>> Yeah. And I'm not sure if it's a co
coincidence whether there was a rush to
list ahead of each other or at least on
the same day but not a good day for both
of them. And I spoke to James Pong the
CEO yesterday and it is an intense
competition because just ahead of this
we write accused uh Pony AI of
misrepresenting their company in the
invest in investors road show. Their
promotional materials was were claiming
that we write had made zero rights so
far. I asked James Punk about that and
he chalked it down to a
misunderstanding. But have a listen to
what he said about the company's
overseas expansion plan.
>> We actually have relatively big
footprint in our global markets. I I
think we're now in seven markets. South
Korea, Singapore, uh Luxembourg in
Europe, three countries in the uh Middle
East. Regulation is a key part of our
business. and uh we want to be a a
strong supporter and a strong negotiator
for government actually to pass the
regulations. So certainly we're not in a
waiting mode for the for the for the
regulation. That that's one point I want
to make. But among all the markets at
this point seems to be uh the Middle
East especially UAE seems to be probably
in terms of regulation to be the fastest
to approve fully driverless commercial
licenses. But I think other countries
definitely will follow suit and we
already have a footprint in those
markets. We have good partners in those
markets and once the regulation is
ready, we'll we'll double down and uh
push our more fleets into into those
markets.
>> You've actually been operating in the US
much longer than in the UAE. What are
some of the biggest roadblocks you are
facing in terms of commercialization in
the US?
uh oh I I think that it's some
geopolitical concerns also there's data
transfer data storage and and some other
concerns so we dep prioritized our
commercialization in the US and but
rather focusing on other markets
>> so are you giving up plans to
commercialize there now
>> at least for now or we should say at
least we paused
>> so from what he's saying it does seem
like the pace of their expansion is
really being decided by the pace of
regulatory approvals everywhere now. So
perhaps not a coincidence that both
companies are looking at the Middle East
as a place to expand because that's
where the regulatory environment is a
little bit more friendly. But I think
right now investors concern are still
about the profitability of these two
companies. Right? Because Ponyi has been
operating I think for about 9 years now
with negative net income. But James Punk
did say that they are at an inflection
point because for the first time now
they have managed to achieve gross
profit per vehicle which means that
there's a clear path to profitability.
What they need is to scale up to achieve
a level of economy of scale that they
can achieve companywide net income. He
says that that's going to be maybe uh 3
four years away. Perhaps 2029 could be a
time when they can reach that uh 50,000
vehicle fleet level. They're now aiming
for a thousand vehicles in China in the
near term. But also it's an interesting
day because yesterday there was XML's uh
AI day and we're seeing a very very
crowded space here, right? Because these
two companies there are specialists in
the autonomous systems providing the
hardware and software and they integrate
it with other OEM manufacturers. But
then you're also competing with the car
manufacturers like Xpong which is
rolling out three new models of robo
taxis next year. And then you're
competing with the right hailing
platforms like DD which is also
fundraising to produce their own robo
taxis. And then you're competing with
the tech firms like BU as well, Alibaba.
So very very crowded space here.
>> Yeah, we were just talking to Brian Goo
about Xpong really and they're they're
looking at international expansion as
well. Um but certainly yeah the fact
that it's all inhouse is certainly
something that is maybe a standout for
them for now. Minlo, thank you for
bringing us that interview, of course,
with the likes of Pony AI. Let's get to
some breaking news right now on
SoftBank. So, this is according to our
sources, but looks like the company is
said to have weighed a takeover of the
US chipmaker Marvel Technology. The
timing of it might be earlier this year.
Now, this is when of course we've been
seeing Masayoshi's son, he's been
studying Marvel as a possible target on
and off for years now. So this is part
of his efforts to really big bet big on
hardware that can benefit from this
whole AI boom. What else are you seeing
Dave?
>> Yeah I mean this is really a stock that
was among I think still is in
conversations around what the next
Nvidia is. I think there's one you had
Palanteer which is obviously not not
apples to apples but it it goes to show
if SoftBank looked at this and this is
purely just thinking in my head um
others actually looking at this as well.
Just a note uh watch the stock going
into the US Open today. We were up 6% on
Marvel and we'll see of course whether
or not this plays out as far as the the
stock price is concerned. But yes, uh
you can check out the details of that
Bloomberg scoop on your terminal uh
right now. Soft bank has done this.
Marvel, do we have that on the screens
coming up as well? That has done
tremendously well. We did see a dip and
then we're coming back a little bit
towards the upside in the last few weeks
and months or so.
>> You know what's interesting is right
part of that whole portfolio for Soft
Bank is also ARM holdings, right? So
where does that fit in? It seems like
according to our sources that SoftBang
was actually eyeing Marvel with the idea
of combining it with ARM holdings. So,
>> oh, while Marvel and SoftBang they're
they're not currently in active
negotiations on a deal, it's possible
that interest could be revived according
to the people that we've been talking to
as well. So, it seems like Sun regularly
looks at dozens of possible deals
without taking action. That's according
to what pe those people that we've been
talking about have said. So, there you
go. Very interesting story. We'll bring
you the latest once we do know more. But
yeah, plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Now, perhaps why we are seeing risk
assets in this rebound come [music] kind
of be more pronounced here this morning
is what we're seeing in the US Supreme
Court. Now they're signaling skepticism
of President Trump's global terrorists
with key justices suggesting he had
overstepped his authority.
>> The vehicle is imposition of taxes uh on
on Americans and that has always been
the core power of Congress. So to have
the president's foreign affairs power
trump that that uh
basic power uh for Congress uh seems to
me to kind of at least
ne neutralize uh between the two powers
the executive power and the legislative
power.
>> Let's bring in our news desk editor
Belage Pence here on really the
significance of what we're hearing from
the Supreme Court so far.
>> Yeah. So this is a case that the whole
world is paying attention to right now.
It affects not just what happens in the
US, but what happens to global trade and
this case right now hinges on what the
conservative majority and the Supreme
Court thinks about whether the president
had the power under emergency powers to
impose these tariffs. And what uh we
heard the chief justice talk about is
this uh is this idea that uh the power
of taxation lies with Congress. And so
whe the question is whether the
president took that power uh
unilaterally and imposed a form of tax
when he introduced these tariffs. And it
does sound like the at least three
members of that conservative group
within the Supreme Court are quite
skeptical of the government's arguments.
It's it does sound like the Trump
administration still has an uphill
battle to fight if they want the court
to see things their way.
>> Okay. So what are the president's
options now?
Well, there there's still some ways to
go before there's a ruling. Uh we do
think there might be one before the end
of the year. Okay. If the tariffs are
struck down, there are some other ways
the president can still reinstate those
uh those tariffs. There are other other
acts that he can use to impose them. But
as uh Justice Coney Barrett said, if
this gets struck down, it will it will
trigger another fight about potential
rebates. uh uh paying back those almost
$90 billion of tariffs already
collected. So she mentioned that that
would sound like a quite messy
situation.
>> Bas fantastic. Thank you uh Balas Panch
our news desk uh editor here. Yeah, we
have a reaction already in fact just an
initial take here from Chris Kennedy of
course who leads our economic states
craft. There we go at at Bloomberg
economics. Um and effectively well the
take was that yeah I mean we've told you
the Supreme Court was skeptical of the
legal justification for most not all of
the terrorists in the hearing. They do
expect a broad ruling against the White
House that largely invalidates AIPA as a
basis and it would potentially mean that
the government then has to refund the
levies uh in that sum if and that could
grow to about 140 billion. We talked
about how much the US government has
already collected as far as this is
concerned. So they might have to give it
back but if they are forced to do that
but of course the well just said there
that they do have some options to in the
event that they find themselves in the
situation.
>> Yeah. And and AIPA is one thing right
but Joan mentioned from city there's
still section 232 which is still
something that's a separate issue that
we still really don't know in terms of
what Trump can do uh when it comes to
that. So certainly there's still a lot
uncertainty as as Balman there's still a
lot of time before we hear some sort of
ruling but yes that is the reaction that
we're getting but from from the markets
perspective that says at least there is
that skepticism that maybe that there is
a chance that this could actually help
sentiment right when it comes to markets
and really that this deescalation of
trade tensions between the US and China
can maybe stay a little bit longer has a
bit more durability on that front as
well. Speaking of really US China, we
got to talk about what we heard from
Nvidia. Oh yeah. CEO Jensen Huang had
told the Financial Times that China is
going to win the AI [music] race. He
says that's based on lower energy costs
and fewer regulations. Hang also accused
the US and UK of [music] cynicism over
AI, calling instead for more optimism.
His remarks come after President Trump
maintained a ban on Nvidia selling
[music] its most advanced chips to
Chinese customers. The French government
says it will suspend Chinese e-commerce
[music]
platform Shien after complaints about
the sale of weapons and childlike sex
dolls. Now, the suspension will affect
Shien's online marketplace [music] and
not its first physical store in Paris,
which opened just hours earlier. Shien
says it hopes for discussion soon with
French [music] authorities. And Netflix
may be missing a golden opportunity to
cash in on its surprise mega hit, K-pop
Demon Hunters. You see what I did there?
Fans won't be able to get their hands on
merchandise, including action figures,
dolls, and plushies [music] until after
the holidays. The delay is due to the
time required to make and ship the
products, leaving producers and [music]
retailers unprepared. And for my
5-year-old, very disappointed. Uh, all
he keeps asking is, "Mommy, where is not
the merch, but where where's the toys?"
They he's been waiting for it for months
now, I think. But yeah,
>> we did see a lot of costumes though, but
he's really after the actual tangible
>> things. He wants a shirt. He wants
something that shows the Saja boys and
those demons. Um, but yeah, but what
from the story from from Lucas Shaw was
that I don't think they were
anticipating this sort of demand and
that for this movie to take off so
quickly that they didn't even think
about making it before Christmas
possibly
>> because you got to get those orders in
August and September. We talked about
this, right? the runway to Christmas and
when you need to get that in and well
there's always Valentine's Day
>> uh and Lunar New Year as excuses for you
for you love. Yes.
>> Yes. Right. Uh there's there's more for
everybody. [laughter]
There we go. Um or Lululemon. Okay. Um
do they do they do make uh leggings for
for children? Lululemon or do how small
does a small size?
>> I I don't know how small but I don't
think so. Um but there are actually some
athleisure brands for children as well.
What?
>> Well, yeah.
>> What?
>> It's all about athleisure, man.
>> Okay.
>> I could just wear that all day. All
right. We got plenty more ahead. This is
blooper.
Some other corporate news this morning.
Cathy Pacific shares jumped in Hong Kong
after announced they will buy back
shares owned by Qatar Airways. Now Cath
will buy Qatar's [music]
almost 10% stake for just under 900
million US if shareholders approve.
Qatar says the sale is part of a [music]
strategy to optimize investments. While
Cath says the buyback shows confidence
in Hong Kong's aviation hub status.
Country Garden says it has won creditor
approval for its debt restructuring
plan. The vote represents a milestone
for the developer after years of
negotiations as it seeks to [music]
avoid the fate of its peer Everrand,
which last year was ordered to
liquidate. Country Garden will seek
court approval for the scheme at a
hearing on [music] December 4th. Apple
is said to be planning to use an ultra
powerful parameter AI model developed by
Google to help overhaul its Siri voice
assistant. Sources [music] tell us the
two companies are finalizing an
agreement that would see Apple pay
roughly $1 billion a year for access to
Google's technology. Apple is aiming to
use a Google model as an interim
solution until its own models are
[music] powerful enough. Hank Qualcomm
has given a bullish forecast for this
quarter saying sales will be roughly 12
billion as demand for high-end Android
chips remains strong. The chipmaker's
profit [music] took a hit last quarter
from a US tax change, resulting in a net
loss of more than $3 billion. [music]
The company is working to transform into
a more diversified seller of chips for
cars, [music] PCs, and data centers.
>> Right, before we wrap things up, we're
better by about 1% in the benchmark. And
that benchmark, of course, given the
changes out of MSEI changes in its uh
constituency in a couple of weeks, the
announcements are already made. We're
already seeing some market reaction
across some parts of that. Korea is up
again 1% not really enough to uh offset
quite some steep losses of course we got
yesterday but it does seem it did as
Ivon is pointing out did just take a
very very short span of time for people
to buy back into this dip uh we are on
the lunch break in Japan we are still
getting some trade there uh 9/10 of 1%
on the nicke Hen and we're now I believe
at session highs uh in terms of
discarded Chinese markets we're about 90
minutes into the cash market session
about an hour left in the morning for
Hong Kong 30 minutes before we hit the
break in mainland China 4,000 we're back
above that level on the Shanghai
composite 6,000 could will still some
ways away that's about maybe one or two
good days away on the Hen tech index is
coming off low still the standout to the
downside here uh I also want to mention
too that there's a big listing day I
think we have four here in Hong Kong
doing quite extremes as far as the big
names are concerned that we ride pony AR
down about double digits and you have
some of the biotech firms doing up
triple digits right uh before we wrap
wrap things up. A look at cable coming
up year futures and some of the crosses
there on the pound given that it is of
course Bank of England day and we're
looking at a 4% handle from the prior
read expected to keep things unchanged
going into this meeting and I think the
point from Joanna at Schwaffen City
earlier on things are actually doing
better so far as the global e economy is
concerned not a lot of delta still as
far as monetary
>> for the BOE it's going to be about
elevated inflation it's going to be
about of course Labor government's
autumn budget that happens at the bottom
of this month So certainly there's a lot
of factors at play here uh when it comes
[music] to Bank of England and whether
they can actually cut or even you know
hold right the holding rates is what is
expected here today. Of course that's it
for us here in [music] the China show.
Insight with Helinda Almond is next.